This directory supports WYSIWYG editing of Z specifications 
in Unicode markup using the JEdit editor (see http://www.jedit.org)

To see how this works, install JEdit (from http://www.jedit.org)
then load the file:   

    bbook.utf16  (or bbook.utf8)

WARNING: JEdit cannot distinguish UTF8 files from plain-ASCII
         files (they can be identical), so when you load a UTF8
         file, you must RIGHT-CLICK on the filename in the Open
         browser, then set the Encoding to UTF8 BEFORE Opening it.


Depending upon which font you use (to change the font, see
Utilities/Global Options/jEdit/Text Area/Text Font), you may
see some Z characters as empty boxes, because most fonts do not
support all unicode characters.  Some Z characters, like partial
functions, were added to the Unicode standard quite recently, so 
very few fonts support them yet.  This will change (I hope)...
One of the best fonts is "Arial Unicode MS" (comes with Microsoft Office)
but it still does not have the newest Z characters.


Contents of this directory:
(NOTE: all this is experimental, and highly subject to change!
       But we welcome feedback:  marku@cs.waikato.ac.nz)

   bbook.utf8      Small birthday book example in UTF8 (8-bit) unicode.
   bbook.utf16     Small birthday book example in UTF16 (16-bit) unicode.

   Zchars.utf8     A list of all Z unicode characters (UTF8).
   Zchars.utf8     A list of all Z unicode characters (UTF16).
                   (This is useful to see which chars your font supports)

   zed.xml         The beginnings of a JEdit syntax-colouring mode for Z.

   ZCharMap/       A JEdit plugin that displays special Z characters
                   and allows you to click on them to insert them.
                   (This seems better than the following approaches, but
                   you must edit ZCharMap/ZCharMap.java to add new chars).

   z.cliplibrary   An alternative way of inserting Z characters, by using
                   the Clipper plugin.  To use this:
                    1. install the Clipper plugin.
                    2. create the directory YOURHOME/.jedit/clipper
                    3. Use Utilities/Global-Options/Plugins/Clipper and
                       set the Clipper directory to YOURHOME/.jedit/clipper
                    4. copy z.cliplibrary to  YOURHOME/.jedit/clipper
                    5. restart JEdit to reload the new clipper library.

   z.insert.xml    Yet another alternative way of inserting Z characters,
                   using the XInsert plugin.  To use this, install the
                   XInsert plugin and copy the z.insert.xml file into
                   ~/.jedit/xinsert (this directory can be customized
                   -- see the XInsert documentation).


